#Exercises

#Solution So Far..

This is an archive (zip file) of a solution to the lab so far:

- <https://github.com/wit-hdip-comp-sci-2019/bundle-store/releases/tag/lab.01.end>


The exercises below can be attempted in any order. You may not have time to complete them all. They are indented to promote some experimentation on your part, and need not be submitted to the course web. If you have having issues - post on the slack "web-development" channel, or contact your tutors directly via Slack Direct Messaging.


## Exercise 1: Zip Archive

Download the "Source Code" from the above link. This is a zipped archive of the completed lab. See if you can uncompress (unzip) the archive. This can usually be accomplished just be double clicking it. The unzipped archive will be contained in a folder called "bundle-store". Now, relocate (drag/drop perhaps) this unzipped archive to somewhere else on your workstation. Perhaps consider creating a new folder called "solutions" inside the "web-development" folder, and place the solution in there.

Open the solution project, both in Sublime and a browser.

## Exercise 2: Index.html

Just to get used to the editor, create a few more new apps in the 'apps.html', perhaps you can locate content from some web source (including images). For instance here:

- <https://mac-bundles.com>

Try to identify and replicate the way the code is indented in the existing content.

## Exercise 3: New pages

Incorporate content into a new `directions.html` page. It can contain any content you think would be useful. Incorporate a link from index to this page.


## Exercise 4: Link the CSS file to all pages

Currently you may not have the CSS file 'linked' to app.html or the `directions.html` page. i.e. only index.html is styled with the css rules you have defined. See if you can link the other pages now.


## Exercise 4: HTML Reference

If you are finding initial contact with HTML a little challenging - this is an excellent starter resource to review:

 - <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/HTML_basics>

It is short read.

## Exercise 5: Lists

In this lab you used the element `<ul>` in the index page.

Investigate the use of `<ol>` , find out the differences between these elements here:

 - <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Styling_text/Styling_lists>

